Change pull request template (#2822)
goalgorilla/open_social: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Problem
*[Required] Describe the problem you're trying to solve, this should motivate why the changes you're proposing are needed.*

## Solution
*[Required] Describe the solution you've created, elaborate on any technical choices you've made. Why is this the right solution and is a different solution not the right one? What is the reasoning behind the chosen solution?*

## Issue tracker
*[Required] Paste a link to the drupal.org issue queue item. If any other issue trackers were used, include links to those too.*

## Theme issue tracker
*[Required if applicable] Paste a link to the drupal.org theme issue queue item. If any other issue trackers were used, include links to those too.*

## How to test
*[Required] For example*
- [ ] Using version X.Y.Z of Open Social with the example module enabled
- [ ] As a sitemanager
- [ ] Try to enable the option B on screen c/d/e
- [ ] When saving I expect the result to be F but instead see G.
- [ ] The expected result F is attained when repeating the steps with this fix applied.

## Definition of done
*[Required]*
- [ ] Code/peer review is completed

> - [ ] All commit messages are clear and clean. If applicable a rebase was performed

Reviewer: Would be great to link to a piece of documentation here, it's a bit ambigious what clear and clean mean for us while we do have some requirements. Maybe we can make something public in Slite for this?

- [ ] All automated tests are green
- [ ] Functional/manual tests of the acceptance criteria are approved

> - [ ] All acceptance criteria were meet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] All acceptance criteria were met
```

- [ ] If applicable (I.E. new hook_updates) the update path from previous versions (major and minor versions) are tested

> - [ ] Code is tested on all branches that it has been cherry-picked

Reviewer: We might need to split this up before / after merge. 
Testing this on all cherry-picked branches can only be done when cherry-picked and only if applicable. 
Update hook numbers also might need to be adjusted on cherry-pick so we can also include that.

- [ ] This pull request has all required labels (team/type/priority)
- [ ] This pull request has a milestone

> - [ ] This pull request has an assignee ( if applicable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This pull request has an assignee (if applicable)
```

> - [ ] The Drupal.org ticket is updated according to this pull reflex status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The Drupal.org ticket is updated according to this pull request status
```

> - [ ] The Drupal.org ticket is updated according to this pull reflex status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The Drupal.org ticket(s) are updated according to this pull request status
```
